and
the seaweed
Hello
you are seeing on our screens nothing
more and nothing less that the
quarterfinals of the fei tal kids
who want this that we're going to stop
make the idiot both cards the most
big story and we're going to get
Serious because our rival is called
to find everyone you know, I'm going to
ostracize because after what
wants very much is one of the first
people but to say the first one that
I have met on youtube has helped
very much so we have a great
friendship and that means that that's going to
be like a derby and many of you
surely the six underestimating
thinking that I'm lame I do not know that I do not know
how much they are not comfortable you think is coming
Jorge gassed and well and I think that this
equality or the level of many of the
that we are also getting between them
so it's going to be a pretty game
interesting and you already have the way in your
case so you should go after
of this disney party there and look
what happened that has not happened as
we have stayed and you will see what I
I say guys so give it a
opportunity to subscribe your channel is
Give him love
and part with the comments also if
I feel like it and keep watching here in
many screens nothing more and nothing less
that the equipping that you have mounted me
guys a fucking real team of
I really love that one that I love is
the first to the last of you have
made a perfect hybrid in fact this
team in particular yes I have already
tested I have not drunk trained for
quarterfinals I've been preparing and
sincerely, he gives me a show with
that grape medium our oil which is
a girl on the outside and little more to say
simply here we are
I will try to represent the best
possible I'm going to put on the shirt
mexico to see if I'm lucky if
we passed later can me the one of argentina
if we're going to pass, I'll put the
Colombia so consecutively for
try to get as close to you
and give me luck those shirts that
your choices defend and wish me
lucky to leave your like me I know
I do not know I do not know what to do but, but
please and if you want to stop this too
video put here and put by the
comments how much do you think we're going to
stay if I'm going to qualify if I do not
I will classify if you come from the video
If I'm going to lose, put on whatever you want
you really know that I read everything and I
love interacting with this series that
It is made special for you as well
Let's come, let's go, let's invite them
let's invite them to see what they will know
what are you going to do good guys and follow
watching his team it matters to me yes that
I care about the truth because there is a
robben that the strip will not intimidate us
a robben that hold the two we have
aubameyang there you have the complete team
the night writers had
wish you luck from here really
good luck but I want to spend
water through the plum allowed
I was seeing , we see , we see , we see
we are we are going god we can not
forgive those earl's eye had to
come
we make hosts, we do it there
my mother I'm nervous fuck
I feel it by force of being
distributed by all as it may be
or go for all the big big robben
you have to play well high that high that pim
calm pam relax as we know and
how do we do it well
and quiet without you can I'm more
nervous that his fucking mother is that I'm not
able to fuck
fuck I fuck in your fucking mother does not arrive
did not arrive at time is that all uncle as
pussy can enter that I use them
also but it looks like the asshole
to the goalkeepers I say let's see the goal
let's see the goal let's see it
good pass pure air really does
unmark perfectly you already know that no
I complain about triangles never because
I make them forbid it is being done
better but it's because all male fuck
it's part
I shit on everything
is that I have long they have are
all of them are very long
good boy passes we got to the
half the time you are already seeing 50% of
position for each one you are already seeing
also that the shit is already because
scored a goal so he had to have a
the door two shots me one the
sincerely the party quite
matched but I have to take more
the opportunities that we have and that
let's go for all 'kids change what
I knew that this is the mythical play
of the uncle
do not
that still the whore
jodi the fucking camera jodi everything is that
fucking shit waiting for 10 that's for
gods do not touch me the eggs that shit
is that what the fuck is that if I give him the
point which today everything has the fucking camera
jodi all
I also do the machine myself
I would also throw it honestly
Boys
today is that it is great we are going to take out
you take them out we go we go ahead by the
short stick
I do not complain but fuck they take it away
pussy that enters everything there that enters everything
fuck let's go we still have possibilities
so I'm going out but you have to mark
let's go let's have it let's go to
convenient the sacas I shit on everything
they can not
when we get it because it's the job of
all right
you see that they are not conjugated for
count in your actions
let's go please the time is over fuck
fuck
my mom what pimp point guys
what a real churro goal
come you are already seeing the
statistics of this one in particular this is
round the way I recommend you
You go really I could not endure
james spoiler in the party by
because of the nerves and all that I have
exceeded but you know you have the channel
in the inscription as well as all
the participants and who have participated
Layún totally recommended and now it's
what is unique that I have left to tell you that
go there and see a game with me or
they are back and forth and you give him love
you love and that really fuck thanks
everyone for the support that we are
receiving our series already from part of
all the discs since you have received
that series of very very very well and little more
that neither the guys just that is
less musel there is as always good their
comments and see you in the next
kids